---

layout: page-company
title: RadioIO
press: true

---



# RADIOIO LAUNCHES MOBILE APP BUILT WITH MONTAGE STUDIO’S NEW HTML5 AUTHORING ENVIRONMENT

> Innovative Development Platform and Tools Showcase Open Mobile Marketplace for Leading Music Streaming Service 

__SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 5, 2014__ – Montage Studio today announced the successful development of a cutting-edge multipurpose consumer and B2B mobile app that enables RadioIO to provide rapid streaming.

RadioIO and DigiPowers worked with Montage Studio to create the app from its authoring environment, opening a rapid path to RadioIO’s goals of sleek design and efficiency of development.

“RadioIO business customers and consumers expect flawless access to RadioIO’s hand-curated music channels regardless of their device preferences,” said Julia Miller, COO for RadioIO. “As a result of working with Montage Studio and its rich web-based development environment, we can deliver high quality music with a beautiful and streamlined user experience.”


## Iterating Quickly to Deliver Superior User Experience 

Designers and developers from Montage Studio, DigiPowers and RadioIO were able to iterate quickly as a team to deliver this complex application in less than 100 days from design to distribution.  

Inspired by the design and philosophy of native platforms, Montage Studio pairs a modern, sophisticated, open-source HTML5 framework with a cloud-based interactive authoring environment. This innovation gives web designers and developers the freedom to iterate quickly together and craft powerful, future-proof applications intended to exceed user expectations.

“With RadioIO we found an ideal partner who understands both how critical user experience is to their customers as well as the benefits of a single code base. They trusted that Montage Studio’s powerful, easy to use, universal SDK would deliver both, and it did. Montage Studio delivered a great application on both iOS and Android,” said Benoit Marchant, Co-Founder and CEO of Montage Studio. 

“The key is we created a development framework where 90 percent of our code base is consistent on iOS and Android, which saves time, money and delivers brand consistency no matter what the device,” said Rolf Kaiser, CTO of DigiPowers.  

“It’s absolutely beautiful. I was expecting a lot—but this exceeds those expectations in every way,” added Mike Roe, RadioIO Founder.

----------

### About Montage Studio:
[Montage Studio](http://www.montagestudio.com) is a Silicon Valley-based start-up founded on the simple vision of a web-native universal SDK, a framework and authoring of unprecedented depth combined as one creative cloud-based collaborative environment. In Montage Studio, web designers and developers can work seamlessly together from start to finish to deliver rich applications made in HTML5 across billions of devices. The company is funded by Elevation Partners and Floodgate. 

### About RadioIO:
<a href="http://www.radioio.com" target="_blank">RadioIO</a> Inc., (OTCQB: Raio), provides an internet radio platform (<a href="http://www.radioio.com" target="_blank">www.radioio.com</a>) that delivers streamed music anytime and anywhere on connected devices. RadioIO’s full-service background music and messaging ecosystem supports large franchise businesses and other vertical markets, such as retail, hospitality, health and wellness. RadioIO provides talk radio programming, such as Be Well Radio, RadioIO Comedy and internet radio music with extensive genres of handcrafted customized music, including classical, new age, rock, reggae and country. RadioIO also provides an innovative mobile app, CrowdStream, to intensify the fan experience at live music events and enable artists to increase their ability to monetize.  

### About DigiPowers:
<a href="http://digipowers.com" target="_blank">DigiPowers</a> creates distinctive digital experiences by leveraging its interactive software platform. The company provides strategic software services and digital product creation to clients who desire to help people live happier and healthier lives.  Our clients include NBC, The Biggest Loser, RadioIO, Daylight Publishing and health and wellness experts Jonathan Bailor and Dream Diabetes.
